I have made this website for my interview at KRSSG (IIT Kharagpur).
I have used HTML, CSS, and python.
The website is completely written in HTML and CSS with no
server side code. Initially I thought I would use PHP, but then
I realised that the server hosting the website would have to process 
a lot because whenever the page is requested it would fetch the blog posts
and then display. That would be a lot of overload. So after thinking a bit
I came up with an idea to make my own Content Management System(CMS).
Don't worry it is not a serious one. In fact a very rudimentary one just to
fill my basic needs and the best I could get with one full night of coding
as I had my physics exam after that. I made the CMS in python, and it
can be used to add posts and then update the blog after that. If I get time
I will surely try to improve it. This is my first experience writing a
web front end as I have always worked with backends before. It was an awesome
experience something different from the console (you get to use your
browser and mouse). The python code is the CMS part, not necessary to
upload on the server. Visit the website http://krssg.dx.am/
to see this code in action. You can contact the admin of the website on
admin@krssg.dx.am .


How to use the CMS :-

This CMS currently has the only feature of adding new posts.
To add new post run "./add-entry.py" and type the title and content.
That would make a file in posts/ directory. Then after add a post you need
to update your index.html file so that it reflects the new posts.
To do that run "./update-blog.py" which would take care of editing the
HTML code and add the post to the website. Further you would need to upload
the changed file to the server. I am working on making a bash script
so that it can transfer it to my web host via FTP protocol. For the time
being you would have to do it yourself.

Some things I need to work on : 
Well as you can see this project is not well documented nor it uses some
good programming practices. I am really a strict follower of good
programming practices, but I had a time constraint and I just had to get
the web site working. And I am also working on the delete post feature
and also on the feature that would display time and date of the post.
The posts have the data about date and time, but I have not written code to
show it on the blog. Anywhich ways I hope you like it!
